ever since joes has changed hands it ' s just been bad and unprofessional .
there is not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted like cardboard .
she said she ' d be back and left a few minutes .
i ca n ' t believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
left and it went off the bill .
it is n ' t terrible , but it is n ' t very good either .
so sad that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i did n ' t know the details .
but it sucks too !
we sat down and we got some really rude and rude service .
the charge miso soup and a small salad looked like a small salad .
there was no reason i ' m or how did everything come out .
we could n ' t sit at the table if we were n ' t ordering dinner .
the cash register area was clean and was not watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is just ok .
the wine was very good and the food was even better .
teenagers that do n ' t understand customer service sucks .
the burgers were cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
cheese dressing was n ' t the best by any means .
my pad thai came with rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she replied ` yes , ' ' ' .
the store is dirty and needs to change .
there was no meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was told the door was locked .
she was not happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were dry and tasteless .
the associates program is not an option .
the decor was seriously bad .
anyway , we brought our coffee and will never return to this location .
the people here are rude .
salsa is not hot or cold .
so i sent the card to be refunded .
i just left a delivery order from them and left my money .
i was not going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she said was give me the run around and left and left .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was not cooked to be .
they tried to take care of me , i am young .
we ' ve invited guests there who have never returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
always in their tone and always have horrible customer service !
they work on their customer service and general attitude sucks .
i am eating and we went back to the beer .
my ` ` hot ' ' was dry and the meat was dry .
when i first came to phx . . . this used to be my favorite place to me .
you do n ' t find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and no spice .
i was very disappointed the day after .
i left and unsatisfied , again disappointed .
i just left this car wash and was very disappointed !
had one meal and ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' . ' '
the food ' s ok but the service is the worst i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice because they are horrible !
i guess she was n ' t happy that we were asking the prices .
the only saving grace was the beans .
what a waste of time customer !
other than that food here is pretty bad .
i was also curious about another product but he never came back .
so far i ' m not really impressed .
my groupon is not the only one windows open .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & & left .
the food was pretty good , but i would never go there again .
we will not be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .
you do n ' t have appetite after the first bite .
do n ' t go here unless you want to pay for crap .
but it ' s actually be in stock anyway .
owner a very rude man .
this place is a horrible place to live !
by soda , being at the hobby shop next door sucks .
my dish was pretty bland and did not taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended chicken with no shape of grilled pieces .
about the time i left ?
there are better hours and better beers all but not good !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .
executive chefs walk out even saying good morning .
this was my worst indian restaurant .
no real brown sauce .
i will never revisit this course for a visitor with time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .
his offer of a ` ` free dessert ' ' was very misleading .
i was so angry i was not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok but nothing special .
overall it was a disappointing evening .
the woman did n ' t even apologize .
i received service to be that morning , and it was horrible .
no complaints from his work .
the garlic bread was bland and bland .
the espresso was not hot .
i wish i should have sent this back and walked out .
they wo n ' t tell you though .
i love the food . . . service here is horrible .
gammage itself however is so very disappointing .
needless to say , i will not be back for mexican food .
i wo n ' t be ordering again .
let me give my opinion that ' s what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .
prices are not retail .
but this place was economical so the expectation was very high .
it tasted like cardboard and tasted like yesterday ' s oil .
who knows it could have been worse .
the beer sauce is mediocre at best .
the building itself looks old .
we ' ve tried the pancakes as well .
i ' ve never had a bad experience this bad !
unfortunately , i ' m not at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i would .
only now i ' m really pissed , and really sad .
no call , nothing .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was filling up .
if i could give negative stars , i would .
she did not and did not explain herself .
twice - - - this place is a joke .
i ' m not one of the corn people .
it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
even if i was insanely drunk , i would n ' t force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i was seated right away , and then my color went wrong .
so horrible treatment and medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .
who do i get my money back .
that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish tasted bland .
i ' m in a lease otherwise i would move .
was a little sad to begin with .
then our waitress showed up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so - so and very overpriced for what you get .
i used to see what their daily times are when it ' s last call .
came back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i feel so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
the worst is worse than you in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me come back , but i just did not .
the security guard comes upstairs and opens our door before we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just tasted like a big mistake .
i do n ' t know worker there to get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way too expensive .
they need a name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
a frozen patty cooked with a home cooked one .
so but i am never going back any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood of any of them .
the new team is horrible !
just do n ' t bother ordering anything if you ' re seated .
they also have plenty of what deli food is not .
the evening turned out poorly .
i replied , um . . . i ' m not cool .
the queen bed was disgusting !
meanwhile i ' m waiting for an answer .
unfortunately , i did not have asked .
my toddler cried with a broken one under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was disappointed .
this is the reason why i will never go back .
there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and rude !
the office also did not even apologize for this whole experience .
unfortunately , way overpriced .
there are no smiles and no customer service .
when she did n ' t answer him quickly , he called her back .
the fried rice was dry and there was a load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you should of luck .
plus , the dude did n ' t even know how to work the computer .
overall , my business and recommendation needs a good local camera place .
it was rude , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , not far greasy and cooked well .
food was mediocre ( still ) i had the ribs ) .
was n ' t busy , no biggie .
the bathroom area is dirty .
this room that he found also reeked of urine also !
also , the food that is there is n ' t great even by buffet standards .
i brought my business elsewhere .
exhibit more like student services with no peeps .
not from an old favorite .
it was n ' t a long wait , there was n ' t a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had much more than it needed .
the texture of the meat just tasted old and tasted old .
i will not be frequenting the salon again .
they give one star only because you have to provide a rating .
i would n ' t go back there again .
this was by far the worst person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is their employees and service are horrible .
as for the food , had it not been .
however , the tech never spoke to me about this .
i ' m from the bay area and this was a disappointment and disappointment .
my mom ordered the chicken teriyaki bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered chicken and fettuccine alfredo with pasta pasta with vegetables .
it took that long to cook sliders ! ' '
the sandwich was not that great .
the man did not stop her .
. . . we told him that we did n ' t want to finance .
tasted really bad , i did n ' t believe it .
it is quite overpriced for my taste .
food was terrible , we did not have ordered off the mexican menu menu .
but not least their brownie was terrible . . . meh .
it makes that this restaurant has no class .
one thing after another , they did n ' t even to address .
we ' ve been to this established restaurant many times .
my plate looked like half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , one was at the desk .
we gave it another 5 - 10 minutes before we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very salty , kind of the mill .
wendy ' s has been to be with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered , i was done .
the service is horrible and the restaurant is just dirty .
but i darn have not cooked this one .
is all i can say .
they have a fountain machine on site but no one is paying ?
his egg sandwiches left feet and are slimy .
walked away , and went to cheesecake instead .
we just stood there in shock , we never expected this .
i ' ve eaten here many times , but not as bad as last night .
way too long , even if you ' re the only one there .
however , nothing else happened after their nails were completed .
so , that was my first and last time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i did n ' t enjoy the place very much .
no one apologized , but it did n ' t seem very clean .
there is a reason why they get you in fairly quickly .
is zero stars an option ?
in the long run , they lost their business for me .
but this story sucks at noon today .
seriously though , i have never shopped here before .
it is the worst place in the valley .
but their inventory was horrible !
fried chicken was dry but the chili macaroni and cheese was also very salty .
so he gave a bloody fortune for them .
were we told her or something ?
this place has really pissed me off for the last time .
sign up for a lease with these people .
do n ' t waste the trip .
had to return one entree because it tasted horrible .
the restroom was a mess .
i hate that ' s been my experience !
the beef taco was good but not good .
either way , i ' m not buying from camping world .
i went to sit and wait for my order .
also , not a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly but no response .
they called me to work not done , and parts installed .
it looks old and worn .
he did not return my call either .
if you travel a lot stay avoid this hotel .
i wait for hot food , less than have it and soggy .
the food here is bland and boring and bland .
this one is not the ball .
for the record , i am a good cook i am not seasoning !
the tow package is an excuse either for either .
very sad to have lost a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it ' s when employees act that way .
i ' m not looking for a different salon .
you do not pay me to shop here !
french toast plate was empty , said , but eggs were not cooked .
now the problem : not horrible , but very disappointing .
this is the worst greek food i ' ve had in my life .
no stars is what in need to .
when it came we should have ordered it before .
the equipment is so outdated and looks dirty .
i ' m not willing to take the chance .
this place smelled like urine for some reason .
bottom line they promised and under no circumstances did they promise .
i know i was not expecting anything different .
that special sucks this place sucks .
razzz ' s on every occasion .
management does not care about the golf experience .
20 - 30 % at first but at least i was the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very bland and had no texture .
the place looks run down though it is hard due to signage .
not sure and i do n ' t care !
two hours of my life i never went back .
my red purse and pair of black shoes looked great .
very unprofessional and would stay clear of this place .
service pace was slow between courses - long long waits .
second time so not so good .
the bread was dry and the dip was inedible .
he did n ' t offer another time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very rude .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was very salty too .
unfortunately , the cheese was tiny and was nothing but cheese .
i ordered online , and the coupon site made my certificate was wrong .
dirty , dirty , pants on fire .
parking signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
i should have stuck with sun dining .
so bad food and service .
this is an old hotel but not .
the pizza is offered with toppings and it ' s not in flavor .
the mechanics are not very usual .
this place is a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole service sucks .
however , it turned out to be like i thought it would .
not coming back in for adjustment , still .
service was terrible as well .
i would not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a dessert sandwich .
management did not seem to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i never sadly come back .
it is really bad rice .
did n ' t even get a response .
needless to say , i left the store manager directly leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was quite disappointed .
i ordered a cesar with a side of blackened chicken .
had it not been so , it would have just been inconvenient .
she gave me a copy of my copy of my soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they never did .
i suppose id how their offerings really are overpriced .
it did n ' t get finished .
we will not be coming back .
he ' s actually read her pressure , though .
unfortunately , not order from this place .
ass , marquee , so much worse .
even the water tasted like urine .
and the food is not as good as the other locations .
does n ' t it bother you ?
but it was dirty and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is not important to everything .
it was fried and very bland .
i have never received such an angry attitude towards a customer before .
the overall prices are very poor with frys .
it was not at the expense of the other customers .
we ' ll see if that happens , but i ' m holding my breath .
and management did n ' t do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are all around the valley .
were you going to tell me when i ordered a dozen bagels ?
i ' m still craving my noodles !
these days the quality is really bad .
this should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was average but make up for the mediocre food and drink sucked .
my husband had to walk out to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was bland , bland , and generally quite bland .
they were having a bad night ?
this place is gross and down and the service stinks !
the only thing we noticed that was hot was the coffee .
so it went in the trash .
it was all just fine involved , i do n ' t think he noticed .
so i took my tires online for an appointment for two days out .
unfortunately , i did n ' t take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n ' t bad , but the food was n ' t good .
when it came out , it was horrible .
talk about bad advertising before you go !
the food is n ' t too bad but the price is ridiculous .
no cakes , no other flavor .
but the customer service made it all worse to me .
i walked out called the manager to complain .
i was very disappointed with this place .
so you are n ' t my problem .
unfortunately , the tour guides are experts .
i went to find a source for those uni blocks . . . . .
she did n ' t say anything and just walked away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also - very salty and salty .
the staff was not to be found .
it tasted like plastic and had the same consistency .
it does n ' t matter because she is not at all other times .
i gave this and he called back to take care of the bill .
spend your money & get your crap .
a waste of my time and theirs .
was not allowed for my dog and was not allowed for my wife ' s dog .
my husband did not look more closely , i said .
the server was n ' t buying .
worst service i have ever had .
has never happened to this sandwich shop before .
and for this reason , i wo n ' t return .
this branch is getting smaller and smaller .
they did not tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they charge you for the low rating .
i did n ' t even eat it .
this was the first time i ever got sick from a haircut .
there was nothing to our server .
if i was n ' t pissed with my coworker , i would ' ve left .
i do n ' t know ra was a chain .
i ' m sure they must get it but this place sucks .
went to the brunch to celebrate our daughter ' s college graduation .
this is the third time they ' ve messed up that bad .
the game room is a mess , energy and money .
i told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & gave me my order was coming up .
is that a thing or a thing or a thing ?
the manager is a rude person .
it was not good that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to skip it , we did n ' t want to wait .
unfortunately , the bartender was an a - hole .
absolutely stay away from this place .
i even hate great restaurants have bad days .
well , who cares , why ?
we will not spend our money .
i will not order another lv bag again .
pieces and pieces - - - i feel bad for that .
we did n ' t leave with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
now it is so loud and loud like any other pizza place .
this piece of chicken crap made me crackers for my soup .
i am not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was bland and hard and the taste was very bad .
you can not judge people based on appearance .
you are the only place in town with good pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out and looked terrible .
no courtesy and their food is terrible .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .
had a month to get in but nothing .
good food but rude staff and very rude workers !
it was my fault for visiting my folks .
next dish was moo gai to which the sauce is the worst .
stay away if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was bland and cooked per requested .
tonight i did not respect for this company .
sad to say we will be going other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will not return the .
let me tell you , this place was not busy !
it ' s pretty much like an actual irish pub , which is nice .
the birthday surprise has not been as good as her special day .
in this price was a credit card and an hour after midnight fee .
the item was not to be the soggy broccoli beef !
other than that , i do n ' t know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic .
actually , just sad .
unfortunately , it is the worst .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
so sad these days .
did n ' t feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the express location there is horrible !
the door did n ' t open at all .
my services were very unprofessional and she did n ' t even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is horrible .
we then got our order wrong with our extremely rude and rude behavior .
i may just take pictures from their shoddy work .
it is overpriced overpriced to compare to what they serve !
this is a college dive .
my jack and coke was ok .
unfortunately , i will not be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel ' s looked like nuggets , and were lacking flavor .
i walked out and there were customers .
i thought it was rude to even serve this to diners .
we both ordered it - - - bland and no seasonings .
in fact my legs are from the noodles and the floor .
not friendly if at possible .
i feel like to be over , or short changed .
we knew how long the wait would be , she said she was done .
it ' s just not good for what you get .
they did not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
into this location to drop it off .
we went there for a busy holiday and the service was very slow .
if i was the manager , i would not give that kid on the spot .
too bad because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and mixed together quickly with flavor .
the beer was bland and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is rude .
will not be back to kfc - they essentially ripped me off !
there are better places for breakfast .
the surly waitress was a huge jerk .
it ' s not my fave , but it ' s not awful .
um , yah , it did n ' t need replacement just yet .
place stinks , food .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
their fees are higher than most other places .
not much anything they could write in writing .
this is not a far real new mexican cuisine .
but the woman was not the one checking us out .
in cabinets in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom are not kept clean .
worst service in these areas and really ruined our visit .
if i had wanted it washed , i would have sent it to myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and left .
overpriced , price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .
the problem is was not good .
i tried to avail .
university is also as bad as living on apache .
on nails and toes , nothing .
i would never purchase any of the pictures on quality .
bread should be at no charge .
simply , there are better places to go for sushi .
my suite to get fitted and a new button made it worse .
sketchy pizza delivery sucks !
that person get their meal , everyone else was very rude with their meal .
the place is empty because i ' m glad she could have figured it out .
they do not rush and do n ' t pay attention to their customers .
desert chicken followed with nothing special .
no massage for my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6 : 30 and the complete manager left .
however , this experience sucked pretty badly .
they do n ' t any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we ' ve seen were horrible !
she was rude , rude and so were we .
did n ' t seem to care about their job .
have not rated if i could .
no personalized or at all friendly .
person did not eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i did not like the size of the dance floor .
this location is dirty and really does not use double the staff .
i guess customer services is not good at some locations .
their cheese i ' m not the string variety .
one of the worst ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
women came here for lunch on friday at elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi makes you so rude to me .
half of my head was gone .
an old friend got my pedicure .
it ' s been in a fridge for a week .
unfortunately , we are not going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was told another totally different problem .
they do not stock some of the most expensive parts .
