ever since joes has changed hands it ' s just plain gross and gross .
there is not enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically nothing tasted good .
she said she ' d be back and took a few minutes .
i ca n ' t believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
left and it went off the bill .
it is n ' t terrible , but it is n ' t very good either .
so disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n ' t know the details .
but it tasted bad too !
we sit and we got some really bad and bad service .
the charge : no miso soup and a small salad .
there was nothing i ' d or how did everything come out .
we would n ' t sit at the table if we were n ' t ordering dinner .
the cash register area was empty and was not watching the store front .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is just terrible .
the wine was very expensive and the food was even worse .
teenagers just hate that people do n ' t understand customer service .
the burgers were cooked to the point where the meat was crunchy .
cheese dressing was n ' t the best by any means .
my pad thai fried rice noodles with barbeque sauce tasted very fishy .
she said ` ` yes , ' ' .
the store is dirty and management needs to change .
there was no meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way i was told to open the door .
she was not happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were so greasy and tasteless .
the associates program is an option of course .
the decor was seriously bad .
anyway , we finished our coffee and will never return to this location .
the people here are rude .
salsa is not hot or sour .
so i gave the card to be refunded .
i just got a delivery order from them and lost my money .
i was n ' t going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and explained everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was to be desired .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
we ' ve taken guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
always in their tone and always have bad customer service !
they do not work on their customer service and general attitude .
i stopped eating and we went back to the beer .
my ` ` hot ' ' chicken was dry and the meat was tough .
when i first came to phx . . . this place seemed to be bad .
you ' ll find a better selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and no spice .
i was very disappointed with the after .
i left and unsatisfied , never again .
i just left this car wash and was very disappointed !
had one meal and ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' but no .
the food ' s just ok the service is the worst i have encountered .
this was my first stop in looking for a dress .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !
i guess she was n ' t happy that we were asking the prices .
the only saving grace was the beans .
a waste of time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty bad .
i was also curious about another product but he never came back straight .
so far i ' m not really impressed .
my groupon is stuck with the two windows .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & has gone .
the food was pretty good , but i would not go there again .
we will not be using this location again .
this is a horrible venue .
you could n ' t have appetite after the first bite .
do n ' t go here unless you want to pay for crap .
but it would actually be bad in stock anyway .
owner a very rude man .
this place is a horrible place to live !
by soda , being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty bland and could taste the garlic crab .
it tasted like blended chicken put on the wrong shape of grilled pieces .
about the time i get sick ?
there are much better hours and better beers all around !
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .
executive chefs should not walk even to saying good morning .
this was my least favorite indian restaurant .
no real brown sauce .
i will not revisit this course with a visitor with time to play .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .
his offer of a ` ` free dessert ' ' was not good .
i was so disappointed i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are ok but nothing special .
overall it was a disappointing evening .
the woman did n ' t even apologize .
i received service to be that morning , and it was awful .
no complaints from his work .
the garlic bread was dry and boring .
the espresso was not hot .
i wish i should have sent this back and walk away .
they wo n ' t tell you though .
i love the food . . . service here is horrible .
however , gammage itself however is so disappointing .
needless to say i will never be back for mexican food .
i wo n ' t be ordering again .
let me give my opinion that ' s what this site is for .
she did not apologize or anything .
prices are cheap retail .
but this place was economical so the expectation was not high .
it tasted old and tasted like yesterday ' s oil .
who knows it could have been worse .
the beer sauce is mediocre at best .
the building itself looks terrible .
we ' ve tried the pancakes as well .
i ' ve never had a bad experience like this !
unfortunately , i ' m at a scottsdale club .
if i could give zero stars i would .
only now i ' m really , really disappointed , and really disappointed .
no call , nothing .
i wish i could give less than one star .
the wonton was not filling .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
she did not and could not explain herself .
twice - - this place is a joke .
i ' m one of the worst corn people .
it ' s always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
even if i was insanely drunk , i would n ' t force this pizza down .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then got my color .
so no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .
who knows why do i get my money back .
that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish tasted bad .
i ' d in a lease otherwise i would move .
service was a little slow to begin with .
then our waitress finally did show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so - so and tasted very expensive for what you get .
i ' m sad to see what their times are when it s last call .
went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i am not so much from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
the service is worse than you in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i would not .
the security guard comes upstairs and opens our door before we open .
i wanted to like this place but it ' s a big disappointment .
i do n ' t know worker there get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way too dirty .
they need a name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was disappointed .
a frozen patty tasted like cooked a home one .
so but i am not going back any more .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood of any of them .
the new team is horrible !
just do n ' t bother ordering anything if you ' re seated .
they also have no idea of what deli food is .
the evening turned out terrible .
i replied , um . . . i ' m not cool .
the queen bed was horrible !
meanwhile i ' m waiting for an answer .
sorry , i should not have asked .
my toddler got a seat under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .
i have to say i was disappointed .
this is the only reason i will go back .
there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and rude !
the office also did not even apologize about this whole experience .
, way too expensive .
there are no smiles and no customer service .
when she did n ' t answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice was dry and there was a ton of it .
if your patio is south facing , you can take advantage of luck .
plus the dude did n ' t even know how to work the computer .
overall , lost my business and bad recommendation for a good local camera place .
it was so bad , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was average at best , not by far greasy and cooked well .
food was good ( still ) i had the ribs .
service was n ' t busy , no biggie .
the bathroom area is disgusting .
this room that he found also reeked of urine !
also , the food that is there is n ' t great even by buffet standards .
i never brought my business .
exhibit more like more student services peeps .
stay away from an old favorite .
it started off on a saturday night because there was n ' t a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just felt and tasted horrible .
i will never use the salon again .
they deserve one star if you have to provide a negative rating .
i would n ' t go back there again .
this was by far the worst person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is their employees and service are horrible .
as for the food , had it .
however , the tech never asked to tell me about this .
i ' m from the bay area and this was a disappointment and disappointment .
my mom ordered the teriyaki bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
i ordered chicken and fettuccine alfredo with vegetables .
it should not take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was not that great .
the man refused to stop her .
. . . we told him that we did n ' t want to finance .
tasted really good , i could n ' t believe it .
it is quite expensive for my taste .
food was so bland we could have ordered off the mexican menu .
but not least their brownie was so bland . . . meh .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .
one thing after another , they do n ' t care to address .
we ' ve been to this established restaurant too many times .
my plate consisted of half except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived no one was at the desk .
we got it for another 5 - 10 minutes we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very bland , kind of the mill .
wendy ' s has been to be consistent with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was disappointed .
the service is terrible and the restaurant is just dirty .
but i darn have not cooked this one before .
service is all i can say .
they have a fountain machine on site ? ' ' do they have a fountain machine on site ?
his egg sandwiches look like feet and are slimy .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .
we stood there in awe , because we never expected this .
i ' ve eaten here many times , but not as good last night .
way too long , even if you ' re the only one there .
however , else went bad after their nails were completed .
so , that was my last and only time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i did n ' t enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did n ' t seem very good .
there is a reason they get you in fairly quickly .
is no stars an option ?
in the long run , they just seem for me .
but this story ended up at noon today .
seriously , though i have shopped here before .
it is the worst place in the valley .
but their inventory was terrible !
fried chicken was dry but the chili macaroni and cheese was very good .
so he just ate a bloody fortune for them .
why were we giving her or something ?
this place has made me sick for the last time .
no sign of a lease with these people .
do n ' t waste the trip .
had to returned for one entree because nothing .
the restroom was a disaster .
i wish that ' s been my experience !
the beef taco was good but very bland .
either way , i am not buying from camping world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
also , not a very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .
they let me work not done , and parts not installed .
it looks old and dirty .
he did not return my call either .
if you travel a lot stay away from this hotel .
i would wait for hot food better than have it and soggy .
the food here is bland and boring and boring .
this one is the ball sucks .
for the record i am a good cook i love seasoning !
the tow package is not an option either .
very disappointing to have a bad chance to actually have a good time .
i think it ' s unacceptable when employees act that way .
i ' ve been looking for a different salon .
you should not pay me to shop here !
french toast plate was good , said , but eggs were cold .
now the bad : not horrible , but just gross .
this is the worst greek food i ' ve had in my life .
no stars is what in want to .
when it came we should have skipped it .
the equipment is so outdated and looks dirty .
i ' m not willing to take the chance .
this place smelt like sewage for some reason .
bottom line they promise and under no .
i did not know i was expecting anything different .
that nothing special about this place .
rager ' s on every occasion .
management does not cares about the golf experience .
20 - 30 % at least i was told the only one in the pool .
the chow mein was very bland and had no texture .
the place looks clean though it is hard due to signage .
not sure and i do n ' t care !
for two hours of my life i never went back .
my red purse looked and pair of black shoes ruined .
very unprofessional and would stay clear of this place .
service pace was slow between courses - long wait waits .
second time , not so good .
the bread was cold and the cheese dip was inedible .
he did n ' t offer another time for me to come in .
what the hell are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very rude .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .
unfortunately , the cheese was tiny and was nothing but cheese .
i ordered online , and the coupon site my certificate was missing .
, no , pants on fire .
parking signs or anything , so you just have to just have to guess .
i would have stuck with sun dining instead .
so bad food and bad service .
this is an old hotel hotel . ' '
the pizza is offered toppings and it ' s lacking in flavor .
the mechanics are not very usual .
this place is a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole for service .
however , it turned out to be to like i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , still nothing .
service was slow as well .
i would not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a dessert .
management does not seem to care .
i had a bad experience , and i sadly would not come back .
it is really bland rice .
did n ' t even get a response .
needless to say , i left the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was quite disappointed .
i ordered a cesar with a side of blackened chicken .
had it not been so bad , it would have just been inconvenient .
she gave me a copy so i would like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they would not listen .
i suppose id knows how their offerings really are .
it did n ' t get finished .
we will not be coming back .
he did n ' t actually read her pressure , though .
bad , bad , not order from this place .
ass , marquee , so much better .
not even the water .
and the food is as bland as the other locations .
why does n ' t it ? ' '
but it was cold and not hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is not everything .
it was fried and very salty .
i have never received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are very expensive with frys .
it was not at all worth the expense of the other customers .
we ' ll see if that happens , but i ' ll be holding my breath .
and management would n ' t do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are all around the valley but not .
why were you going to charge me for a dozen bagels ?
i ' m still craving my noodles !
these days the quality is terrible .
this would be in the worst service industry in az with that bad attitude .
service was average but did not make up for the horrible food and drink .
my husband had to walk to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was bland , bland , and generally quite bland .
they were having a bad night ?
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !
the only thing we liked that was hot was the coffee .
so it went in the trash .
it was n ' t all involved , i do n ' t think he noticed .
so i took my tires to online for an appointment for days out .
unfortunately , i did n ' t take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is n ' t bad , but the food was just bland .
when it finally came out , it was cold .
talk about false advertising before you go !
the food is n ' t too bad but the service is horrible .
no cakes , no other flavor .
but the customer service made it all worse for me .
i walked out , called the manager to complain .
i was not impressed with this place .
so you are n ' t my problem . ' '
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .
i went to a source for those uni blocks . . . . .
she did n ' t say anything and just walked away .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also - overcooked and dry .
the staff was nowhere to be found .
it tasted like plastic and had the same bland consistency .
it does n ' t matter she is not at all other times .
i called this morning and he said back take care of the bill .
save your money & your disappointment .
a waste of my time and theirs .
was so disappointed for my dog and was disappointed for my wife ' s dog .
my husband did not looking more closely , i guess .
the server was n ' t buying .
worst service i have ever had .
has never happened to this sandwich shop before .
and for this reason i wo n ' t return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .
they could tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they charge you for the low rating .
i could n ' t even eat it .
this was the last time i ever got from a haircut .
there was nothing to our server .
if i was n ' t with my coworker , i ' ve never felt .
i do n ' t know ra was a chain .
i ' m sure they must get it some days but this place sucks .
went to the brunch to celebrate our daughter ' s graduation .
this is the third time they ' ve screwed up that .
the game room is a dump , bad energy and money .
i told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
is that a bad thing or a bad thing ?
the manager is a horrible person .
it was not good that i just wanted to just leave out of there .
we told them to fix it , we did n ' t want to wait .
unfortunately , the bartender was an a - - no .
absolutely stay away from this place .
i dont even great restaurants have bad days .
oh well , who cares . . . ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .
i will never buy another lv bag again .
pieces and falling apart - - i asked for that .
we did n ' t leave with anything that day .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
now it is so greasy and looks like any other pizza place .
this piece of me got two crackers for my soup .
i am not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was bland and hard and the taste was very bland .
you can not judge people based on appearance .
you are the only place in town with bad pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out and tasted horrible .
no courtesy and their food is terrible .
i would not reccomend anyone to live here .
had a month to get in and nothing .
good food but very rude staff and very very rude workers !
it was my first time visiting my folks .
next dish was moo gai to which the sauce is the same .
stay away here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was tough and over cooked per requested .
tonight , i can not respect for this company .
sad to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will miss the service .
let me tell you , this place was not busy !
it ' s not much like an actual irish pub , which is nice .
the birthday surprise has been as long as her special day .
in this price , was given a credit and an hour after midnight fee .
the only item was to be was the soggy broccoli beef !
other than that , i do n ' t know what was good about it .
the food is not that authentic .
actually , just awful .
unfortunately , it is the worst .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
so these days . ' '
does n ' t feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the worst subway express location there is !
the door would n ' t open at all .
my services were very poor and she did n ' t even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is broken .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely rude server .
i may just take pictures of their shoddy work .
it is overpriced overpriced , nothing to compare to what they serve !
this is a poor college .
my jack and coke was cold .
sadly , i will not be able to eat at this place again .
the falafel ' s looked like ` ` nuggets , and were lacking flavor .
i walked around and there were no customers .
i wish it was not to even serve this to diners .
we both ate it - - and no seasonings .
in turn , my legs are stuck from the noodles and the floor .
avoid if at all possible .
i would not like to be over cheated , or short changed .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was sorry .
it ' s just too expensive for what you get .
why would they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
went into this location to drop it off .
we went there for a busy holiday weekend and the service was terrible .
if i was the manager , i would not recommend that kid on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was poor quality and not together quickly with no flavor .
the beer was bland and cold !
the manager who works in the deli is rude .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially lost from me !
there are better places for breakfast .
the surly waitress was a huge disappointment .
it ' s not my fave , but it ' s not awful .
um , yah , it does n ' t need replacing just yet .
horrible place , horrible food .
needless to say i will not be returning to this place ever again .
their fees are way too high higher than other places .
not anything they say in writing .
this is a far from real new mexican cuisine .
but the woman was the only one checking on us out .
in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with dirty sink are not kept clean .
horrible service in these areas and really ruined our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have asked for it myself !
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked away .
cheap , cheap price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .
the problem is was not good .
i tried to no avail .
university is also very expensive as living on apache .
bad nails and toes .
i would not purchase any of the pictures on quality .
bread should be at no charge .
simply , there are better places to go for sushi .
my suite to get fitted and a new button came on it .
horrible sketchy pizza delivery !
that person did not get their meal everyone else was done with their meal .
the place is so small i ' m glad she could have figured it out .
they rush through and do n ' t pay attention to their customers .
desert followed with nothing special .
no massage for my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6 : 30 and the complete opposite happened .
however , this experience pretty disappointing .
they ' re any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the only scorpions we ' ve seen were scorpions !
she was rude , and so were we .
did n ' t seem to care about their job .
would have rated better if i could .
no personalized or at all .
one person could eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i did not like the size of the dance floor .
this location is horrible and really do not use double the staff .
i think customer services is not good at some locations .
their cheese i ' m was the string variety but not variety .
one of the worst ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
women go to lunch on friday at least with elements at the sanctuary .
ra sushi , you are so rude to me .
half of my head was completely shaved .
an old lady ruined my pedicure .
it ' s been in a fridge for a week .
unfortunately , we are not going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was told another totally different problem .
they stock some of the most expensive parts .
