The loud one - thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn.
mandated  and " right now " would be good.
* neither * of my coworkers cared when it came time to ditch mitch. ugh.
* well, he shot himself.
I wouldn't care how ignorant you are in you weren't pretending to know.
&gt today was one of the most bad days of my life
<number>, people will freak out.
You don't mess with a mommas boy
6. are you insane?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is a proceedure, nothing more wrong
actually no, i hate looking for it.
after all its hard to get a job if your unwise.
after all most of them are millionares and can pay their own way.
again, give me the name of the store.
ah, another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith.
All I got from that was that it's gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready.
all that bad stuff you see on tv is just that bad.
All that said, why would any woman vote for this guy?
All of you trump's are seriously messed up
allowing whole colonies of such thing to arise should be punishable by firing the officials.
Almost as bad as the cia funding and arming bin laden.
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show these people their limits.
also, the us doesn't really have to care about international laws.
also, why is tepco anywhere near this?.
also known as the middle east part number.
America would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
americans don t care what britons think.
amy, you are showing again
anarchy is basically a philosophy for naive teenagers and marxism is about dead
and because the government need this land, ignore the people who live there, right?.
and they actually throw money at these people?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich thinking they are the better rich.
and nobody cared
And some people buy that.
and start sending bad people home.
and telling nato to go away
and they are too ignorant to realize it.
and they really dont care about what we think or of our moralizing
and why  did the manager tell the cop that?
and ya can 't draw cartoons
anddddd i applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well.
another piece of useless manufactured thing.
Anyone can borrow and spend
any of us who did half this would be locked up already.
Anyone can edit it,it is very retarded
Anyone is better than this person
anyone who votes in communism is really out of touch with reality.
apologies i said bad words multiple times and called you names
Are they liars or just clueless?
As a member of the lafayette community why does it matter what his political standing is!
As he would say what a loser.
As I've said a thousand times, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with a z!
As I've said a thousand times, thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen with a z!
As someone from la and an oilfield worker, I still say this guy is not good.
assad leaves and it will be a total disaster show in syria.
assad must be scared
at least one party cares about humans after birth.
at the same time as your article.
attacking him, calling him names, making up excuses about him.
Because Israel's rabbis never say bad words.
Because it's reposted so much.
Because you don't act in a good way.
Because you re making that nazi stuff up.
Better to keep your mouth shut and be thought wrong than open it and be proven one.
blame the parents who criticize for all the child protection stuff in schools these days.
bloated stuff that comes out of these other
boeing is acting exactly like any greedy bully would
but mostly that middle of the street.
But nobody knows what kennedy will do,so they're all strategically sitting tight.
But redditors are too busy to care.
But Ukraine is unwilling to buy a gas.
by the way, sorry about that edit.
california s last primary election was a farce
Call me on my wrong words?
It seems the page was not moved so much as copied.
Calm down, CNN.
Can someone explain this please
can t people just leave cuba alone so it can get it s feet under itself for number of minutes?
can we just keep dog out of this?.
cant you do anything?
Careful, you just described the goonies,and that was classic.
china and russia will use a big stick to smack trump around if those ships do anything wrong.
colin kaepernick is not good
collins, is not good, but we didnt need this article to establish that fact.
come on adn, are you really that hard up that you have to publish this?
come on ya, get your right step right
He needs to get fired
could ve fooled me, all governments are corrupt
People like this rarely care about facts
Crimea voted for secession and russia accepted and annexed crimea, what a crisis!
Desh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they don't care
Daniel Pantaleo, the man who got away with murdering eric garner.
delta hasn 't always bad, but this was one bad move.
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die.
dg : youre correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real bad things.
Did he come from poor situation to buy the land? Imao
did you think i was going to sit back and let some person spew hatred towards me?
DIGIT are you implying that should be enough to keep these uppity blacks satisfied?
DIGIT year olds can be little too, doesn t mean you fight them.
It's years later and they still blame bush for his mistakes.
dmvs are not believable.
do people actually believe this?
do people really think everyone is too bad to recognize this double standard?
do you ever get tired of asking bad questions?
does this happen there every year?.
Doesn't this happen all the time?
don't touch the thing thats really close by
don t be such a nitpicky person, it's bad for.
Don't add bad and clear vandalism to articles.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
don't give us that negative information about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either.
don't have time for them
don't change one of my edits, or i will come to your house and I will cut you.
nice comment of the week, congrats
economies of iran, venezuela, iraq, etc still not good.
eh this seems to be reasonable since their crazy neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
either he had one heck of defence team, or prosecutor really messed up.
either way, how do you forget your child in the backseat
Either way you sound bad and ill informed.
eli5 why should governments care?.
Even Bush knows that he made a mistake
everybody is so mean.
Everyone has got that single issue that represent the burr up.
except for, ya know, that stock market crash that literally just happened.
Except your bankers, lobbyists, bad congressmen women, nsa, big corp and your expensive healthcare
fdr all over the constitution, but he's still regarded as a very good president
food is really cheap, jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not.
For $ DIGIT, who cares
for those without health insurance in states that didn 't expand medicaid.
Fox news is going to be in trouble when they hear this
From personal experience, waspy white kids get away with stuff no minority could at least in utah.
I have to change my whole outlook.
I don't like alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking it
Never doing that again.
we 'll do it live.
I ll just click the first name so I can go home.
Even afghanistan has number.
Minimum security should put him in real prison.
go away - it is international airspace
I don't like popeyes for doing this in the first place
 red light cameras and the money grubbing cities that use them.
They are not following the rules.
I don't like this guy and all his political cohorts.
i wont do what you tell me.
Where are you from?
 barbarian gooks have a lot of nerve to mess with us.
bad person.
Had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they.
funny how he runs screaming into the arms of the society he wants to tear down
You are not wise
gazprom is destroyed, I guarantee this.
You didn't know.
Get lost, you baseless lawyer!
get lost
Get the brewbaker id and get yourself to mars!.
Get out of here and do something.
Get this person out of there.
getting myself kicked by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again.
getting stronger every month yeah i wish.
Glad to see they were allowed to mess up the santa barbara coast.
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built unsuitable cars
Go ahead ban me, I don't care.
Go take a hike
god the storm when he wins will be amazing! can 't wait.
I m tired of seeing people abusing that.
good show, that show is so good
good thing i never supported those people.
discrimination is bad
Never underestimate a crazy guy with an army.
President Obama is lying
Russia didn't care about Ukraine.
gt thats really sad because what they really need to do is go away and mind their own business.
Gosh, today i learned something.
we need to wake up.
haha okay i'm too sick to find that entertaining, i ll see myself out.
harper needs to get out of office.
harper was nothing but incompetent and corrupt.
Have you ever been to r trees and seen all the things people say weed can do?
haven t you ever heard of revenge?
He's trying to save himself
he depends on the ignorant rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone else around him.
He didn t say he wanted two wars to make cheney s pals even richer
He has almost a year and a half to make mistakes so bad even the unwise can t help noticing.
He hasn't done anything for palestine
he is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place
He is a parasite.
He is not stupid.
he is very arrogant unfortunately im hoping to stab him to death soon.
He'll mess that up too.
He looks smart enough to survive the storm.
He posts wrong things too.
he's arrogant and up himself, plus he treats a lot of his fans badly.
he says that, she attributes it to the entire gop.
He's not stupid he just lacks self control.
Hey, I said I'd be more careful not to remove content
Hey man keep that to yourself
Hi, my name is tbloeme, and im a sad and lonely little page
his brain has stopped functioning, but his mouth keeps yapping.
His attitude knows no bound.
His own secretary of state thinks he is not bright.
his pay check from taxpayers because a bunch of people keeps adding zeros every time they open their mouths.
Hiya frank, you know someone called you then?
Who thinks like that?
That's awesome!
wow! i just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail.
Oh my god, a cop got fired?
oh, just finished the season and it is so good but so dark, especially at the end
oh god, somebody remembers what actually happened.
that second explosion is so violent.
Oh my god, they're like republicans on pcp now!
what is wrong with you?
You re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago
i thought that was a joke
That article was filled with ads
why is this not higher up???
oh yeah, forgot about that one
honestly, who cares what words you have to recite?.
honestly hope that cockeyed steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed.
hopefully that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads.
hopefully turks are not dumb enough to hand it to him.
how about people who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then complain about it?
how dare you compare those two to harry and lloyd.
How else could it have become, with bribery being legal and not?
How are they getting to outer space?
how can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?.
how do you manage that?.
how do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself
how do you think people afford houses and cars?
However, talk pages exist for a reason.
i'm ready to actually do something to make this stop, but what can i do?
i'm so sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else.
i'm vacation in the san juans, and the winds were crazy.
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost mess my pants.
i always thought that was bad you go to jail for not paying a bill yea, that ll be productive.
i am going to lose my mind when this happens!
i blame the voters of our state for electing these left wing people.
i cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on that, they could just ask.
i cant believe we are even discussing this.
I canтАЩt wait until southpark makes an episode about your cult.
i could understand how many people would be scared seeing a title like this
i couldn t even tell what it s saying.
i d love to live there if it weren t for the california cost of living.
i did not vandalize anything.
I didn't say anything!
I don't care.
I don't think it's messed up since it's not like she had to accept
I don't care where you are going
i don t think el chapo became bad because people kept calling him one.
I don't think ramsay cares
I don't want to know his interests or see this little picture
I don't care about sides.
I knew they were upsetting us.
I go there for work every few months and i can assure you it's bad.
i gotto put mycents in too saying how wrong someone is!
I have no respect for this female
i have toilet paper to wipe my behind and no shortage of food.
I just re watched letters from Iwo jima this weekend and that was some brutal stuff
i love that one that the one lady wore " i am not kim davis ".
i m australian myself, but i don t say mate or cunt all the time.
I'm done with this.
i m glad you guys protect you, because orphan black and strange empire are great.
I'm just glad he doesn't actually believe in this.
I'm not trying to be bad but I didn't think it was a cure for anything.
I m tired of inappropriate jokes.
I mean, how much does that suck?
i mean it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
i mean it's killed a lot of people and now they're gonna give it an established base of operations?
I never knew they were rich, just mindless tourists with loud aloha shirts.
I never uttered or wrote that
i posted this because khodorkovsky is such a bad person.
I really hope not.
I sell quite a bit of stuff on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
I still think it is bad, but i understand why they do it.
i take it you teach your teenager to call people names when unable to come up with anything else.
I think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look bad regardless.
I think that's very noble.
I thought world leader just picked random thing to do, thank you for informing us!
I was a naive kid though.
I was told he is bad
I wish people would not talk about big money in politics
i wish we could jail politicians for things like this.
i wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive cowards?
I would have lost my mind years ago.
I am not happy with Saudi Arabia lately
if hes found to have acted in cold blood, the feds are going to persecute him
If the uk did anything but talk and supply weapons i'd be very surprised.
if you believe their lies, then you become ignorant public.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them.
You will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
If you continue to revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia.
if you don t use it i guess it would seem bad government thing.
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you're bad.
if you still think you re not living in a police state, wake up.
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you're wrong.
If you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you are wrong.
If you think so,you are making a mistake.
Impeachment of Trump is not a good idea
implying americans are gonna vacation at that place.
In other news op is a retard
In other words, if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all, republicans want you to go.
In the end, he was disappointed.
instead of trying to make a difference, ye old girl was more interested in making a statement.
iran says that when its mail arrives late
Is there an option to upload a video to youtube in bad quality so it uploads faster?
It's just unlucky luck
it's a big deal because the school didn't care until she was being bullied
it's about time.
It's actually a great idea if you want to keep out and get things done.
it's like jurassic park but much fluffier
it's not the ukraine, just ukrainian!
It's so refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy
it's the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has caused many a species to die
It's bad that you're not a good person
It had nothing to do with anything i said
It tastes bad and I've never even seen it available outside of five - star restaurants.
It was clear from the first sentence of the article
it would be bad if that happened.
It would be very illegal to straight up kill someone.
It's good that you're adding stuff but some of it is completely ridiculous
It's one of those you don't know what youre saying so I'm correcting you guys.
It is time to void that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few.
I was having a nice Sunday afternoon and then I read that?
that's incredibly bad.
Jesus Christ, what a bad person.
joke's on you, you intolerant
judging by the things i ve seen in my number years, number of those spent with george w.
Just a thought, but maybe stay away from the chinese
just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider
Just state your opinion.
just the things they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars.
Keep off wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute
Kid, you should be watching the cartoon now made for your generation.
last warning you, it takes time to resolve a page so you can mess wikipedia up
last winter was very brutal.
legacy of being selfish
Let's have them do all the tough things men are forced to do.
Let darwinism take its course so that the least intelligent shall inherit the earth.
I am going all the way to the courts to overturn the twice rejected decision
liar, liar pants on fire justin.
like, who cares about what trump's view on this haha?
Lol, sunshine was critically acclaimed.
Yeah, like that would ever happen.
Yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero fought.
I remember glenn beck and a ton of other americans using the tragedy for attention.
look it up yourself.
Looks like the not around crew is making decisions now.
Looks like you were just a teeny bit off the mark there, friend.
lucky you, maybe now you think youre somebody, huh?
make a guess how somebody can misspell area as aera then.
Making and distributing cp is bad.
man you are so insecure about your thoughts.
maybe i go peacefully so i can kill thousands later in righteous vengeance when it gets settled in court
maybe not always relevant, but they sure are fun!
Maybe now no one will be targeted
The military can be very bad too
minorities complain when the police uphold the law.
Monarchists are incredibly arrogant and selfish.
Most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back and she's over dramatizing the whole thing
most of the information is total waste.
Mozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as unsuitable, tolerating a selfregarding person as their lead employee.
My comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this.
my thoughts are that our new guy might be a even bigger trouble
My wife still doesn't like it.
Never heard such a bad written text
Never trust anything the repugs try to shove down your throat
no, i m pointing out that you are being unnecessarily condescending about it, just like your euphoric brethren.
No, putin will send depardieu to harper's wife.
no, racism is a lot older than the newspaper.
No, that's nonsense.
No. Almost nobody is saying that except for those in the video
no way number bricks fits in a car, this is bs.
no i didnt what year did you move here?
no one being investigated for treason
no self - respecting australian or new zealand would read such hateful things.
No, lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his district employees.
This has already been done
That is a bolt action!
nobody in politics, especially democrats, give attention about citizens, let alone the military.
None of that would ever have happened if he weren't black.
noones asking you to invade.
not even from brainless people.
not messing around in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about.
not hard seeing as how their prime minister is not good.
not just a biologist, a virologist!.
not the rich and the government, but the people will be in bad street.
Not to be confused with the legal firm associates.
I'm not trying to be a bad guy, just joking.
nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look shady.
Now congress, congress don't do anything.
now quit messing up education in texas, rick!
now stop talking and fix it
now that is just a bad thing to say.
number will solve alot of problems if it comes down to it.
oh, i m hearing things like that from her too.
What if north korea actually is funding isis?
Oh, you just blew their minds.
one isn't dead but just totally messed up
Only boneheads would buy into this from the msm
only if they have a death wish.
Only the narrow minded people voted for him
or are you pulling this out?
or just go with this guy en
org read a book for christ s sake.
org there s wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this.
Islam is not good
Oh man, those swedes were not good to Norway.
Our is pretty messed up too.
p. s. i do own all of those pictures
Parliament is not good.
Sorry with all the money alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you
people are not wise for wasting emergency call time on such things.
people don't even wash their hands after taking a hit
people saying things like these people are bad and how can these people get away with this.
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t, you know, treat them badly for the past number years.
piss me off, get on my nerves.
planet earth is crazy.
Please just stay silent and erase me from your brain like a chalkboard erasure.
price wise, it's awful
Probably tons of terrible things
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than a bad idea.
Put them in angola.
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards.
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some kind of hierarchy even unto being killed, like st.
Randy Johnson is not good.
Read your own link.
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is putting some restrictions on the citizens of the united states.
Remove from reality in deed
republicans and democrats are the right and left cheeks of the same thing
right, that's what i was implying by saying the un won 't do anything, because russia is on the sc.
same as his wall, and the solar panel idea, and countless other things he's done.
same thing going on in the pnw too.
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders
Get out of the number of century, thanks
Seriously, at least number people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally go away.
Seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into bad?
She lied to them about what she was doing.
she is a massive adult film star whose breasts are split to create one big gaping whole.
China can get own this if they want to.
I love a number pm sunset
they even do it in their own country.
i might have it
Boris we are supposed to be in Kiev, not London!
just got real upload.
Looks like a music video with synced audio, and footage editing
we are losing our ability to compete globally.
side - note, why does everything the us make have to be called " joint. "
Silicon valley resident here, this is so bad
It's not about making America safe or the reevaluation
sit at home and don t vote at your peril.
smug, violent guy is more appropriate.
So,cctv shows crimea parliament explosion with a picture of someone knows what with a bit of smoke in it.
so again, unless you have something useful to say, go away.
So I would really like it if people could stop acting like that's why he got shot, it isn't.
so is torture why should they care?.
so keep quiet until you know what it is your talking about.
so stop pointing your fingers.
So they don't care about long term effects.
so vw drops almost number in value after this, but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people?
Some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming stuff onto others.
Some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get raped.
someone says no, and they say we need vets only for free housing?.
spoiler russia doesn t care what canada thinks.
Speaks nonsense about things he absolutely does not understand
still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn t go there, even the thumbnails are messed up.
still standing up for your lying leader who loves himself and nobody else.
Stop being so rude, are you his mom or something?
straight people get married and mess up all the time.
strong fiscal management steve o.
It is not good for a ball coach to make ten times what a teacher makes.
Such a good band, who'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name.
sucked like nothings ever before.
sure he should get punished, but three years?.
take your inane attitude elsewhere, gessler.
Take your own advice and go to one of these other subreddits
taking a stand with either party is equally bad.
tha last time
thank god for the magical frog.
That almost never happens excepts rarely in bad countries.
that and their bad service.
That has got to stop.
That guy used to be bad.
that person isnt qualified for any public office.
that man is the biggest issue in ny s recent history.
that's a lot of work for something that shouldn t take any work at all.
That's murder in my book and they let parents off for it all of the time.
That's pretty bad logic
That's the type of bad grand juries are supposed to avoid.
that's what they all say till they are cooking in radiation
that said, i hope they get a great attorney and sue the cops.
That guy is smiling in court!
that is bad on your lungs
That's way stronger than the heroine I just shot up with.
That sounds democratic
that water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen.
That's why it does not truly reflect the views of the people.
thats a great point.
That comment is inappropriate.
thats just bad, how can i be blocked for stating a fact.
The " joke" that Canada's military is a joke is extremely played out.
The claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is wrong.
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is insane
Why am I reading so early?
The Germans today are the same followers they were inand throughout their history.
This guy was sick
the guy was shot!.
The image of an elephant crying, not just whimpering, but also shedding tears is heartbreaking.
The important things who has time to build chairs?
The judge was basically right, don't use pitchforks.
The moment they hauled me in I would have played it for them.
The object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your wrong actions
The only respect he has is beacuse he has access to the bomb codesand he is not wise.
the original surface was bad but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
The pay is low and the hours are long.
The people are still driving around in cars built on the number's.
The people who drafted this are probably privately the most messed up of all.
this person was not good to begin with.
the point is that either choice was bad.
The really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews.
the rewritten rules are unreasonable, and any support of them follows suit.
The issue in san bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly.
The worst is if the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative.
Who can't do it but try to educate people
The woman is not good and the man is not intelligent.
Their wares are so cheap that you will better off getting the more expensive item.
then all of a sudden i see her, shes now got the big phony tits and everything.
then drench the thing with bbq sauce
these people are bound and determined to start a civil war!
these guys have always been around.
they're living streaming on bbc.
they are always making fun of him and telling him and his fewaccomplishments.
they are smart for rejecting our corn
they are two faced people.
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a bad person.
They don't care about terrorism
they get attention which is exactly what you are giving them.
they have all the money, how am i supposed to earn my billions?
They have been involved in so many bad things since its creation.
They ll say and do anything to cover up,won't they?
They must have been pretty naive to get caught in today environment.
they named that after him.
they need stop talking like that.
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by a known tax evader.
They're both failed
they really don t fit in, since they are immature
they should have fled, i feel that these guys are bad, who turns themselves in to an angry mob?.
they ve done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number s.
they were most likely bought out by the koch brothers.
they weren t suicide bombing for giggles certainly.
they will end up in trouble!
they will find someone as unsuitable as him to become the glorious leader
This administration is not good as the last.
this article so many of the comments are bad
This abusive behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as pigs.
this guy lacks the courage to do business and lacks the ability of forward thinking
this has to be the worst editorial of all time.
This is a bad tactic for Pete's sake
This is a joke, are you all naive?
This is a special needs child with autism, not some angry little with no self control.
This is nothing short of a hateful whine by someone who didn't get her way
This is possibly the most unsound thing I have ever read
this is bad, all pain meds should be otc
This is really upsetting me
This is some clockwork orange level.
This is some twilight zone
This is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are crazy!
This is the exact reason we need a national death penalty, his sentence should have been a short rope.
This is what happens when you gather a bunch of illiterate and brainwash them with bs and propaganda.
This is why the country is messed up
This isn't about agreeing on blowing things up
This nonsense talk is tiresome.
This piece should rot in jail
this populist is just the psych majors manipulating you.
This has been happening for generations.
this has gone full circle from parody.
This is too much to think about
He doesn't want to face the consequences for his actions
This whole place is corrupt.
those are not good, and there are plenty of people on both sides on the bad social networks.
Those things are complete
Throwing him in jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from his willful drunk driving.
it is time to cut the credits and also cut the other stuff.
Time to wage war and blow things up.
to suggest otherwise is bad.
To think that she's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaaars
top ten most relevant " are you sorry "
treats their murder victims badly while living their life pretending they are normal
turkey could invade, and russia wouldn 't be able to do anything about that either.
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans, you are in big trouble
Use your name to comment in public
Of course, the Russians are still at it thats what they do regards.
very few of these guys ever make cora requests for those case files.
we're not worlds leaders in this, all you'll get is speculation
We donтАЩt need to consider this
we dont need nevertrumpers up in here!
we had to find some use for that lock box, sure as I didn t put money in it.
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren 't complaining about that.
we should answer those ads and then sabotage the equipment.
we shouldn t be flattering on his good name, and saying what he should, and shouldn t have done.
Well, dunno about him being bad, but he was definitely bad.
Well, there ya go, miss you.
Well no, I can't believe people are only starting to realise this.
Well they messed up youtube hard.
west is spoiled
weve become too accepting of her nonsense, which fosters hate.
weve got one bad person in the wh.
What's with these people coming on here and saying this?
what a bunch of lies!
You are not suitable.
What a bad person you are
what kind of really bad plan is that?
what kind of thing did you put on my phone with that first link?.
What kind of post is this?
What's the point of wearing them?
What does it matter?
what did you do to my free images like this one?
what do you mean cornered?.
What is this comment?
What is this guy doing
what is this news story?
what is wrong with australia?.
what is wrong with you?
What is wrong with you guys
what is this about?
what is wrong with people
What is you talking about?
whats really bad is how you jump to conclusions.
whats the title of this report?
When I was your age and starting to realize all this I became very depressed and it was bad.
where did he get his degree from?
Who cares about this?
Who cares whose fault it is?
who is pushing diversity on you?.
Who do you think you are anyway?
why can 't they just give the guy credit for voting no?
why do you guys do this out west?
Why does it bother you
why is reddit so biased?
why is the scale of that graphed so bad?
why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging?
why should i care!
why did they give some ufo hack interview time?.
why does everyone hate syria so much?
why haven 't they condemned north korea?
wow. what where they thinking when they named that cleaning product. seriously. &gt. &lt
Missouri needs to catch up like right now.
this is a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were a real statistic?
Yea, who is government to be involved my my your kids education?
yeah, americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case things get serious anywhere else.
yeah, comparitively  all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants?.
yeah i hate this.
yeah they don't care
Yes, ban me
Yes, it does stink to high heaven but there are enough gullible people who praise this outfit nonetheless.
yet fifa doesn t care.
Yet to this day people still believe the lies about clinton.
yo buddy why are you saying mean things to me?
You've lost your chances.
you are a bit of a bad person
You are liable to break something and touch it you shouldn't touch.
you guys pushing your agenda instead of being neutrel
you don't remember that?
you have got to be insane.
you have no idea youtu.
You know more than these people, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
You leave me alone
You missed the wrong sentence.
You trolls still wouldn't care.
You ve got to be kidding me, right?
your types of examples are bad
yup, keep government off air unless you want things to get worse.
yurope is awesome that way, yeah s.
